🚀 Feature: New "getting started" page (#1046)
lukso-network/docs: docs/getting-started/welcome.md

Reviewer: I don't think we need to put that in its own folder and name the file "welcome.md". We could simply:
- name the file "getting_started.md"
- put it under the "learn/" folder
- just use sidebar title and position

To simplify the structure

---
sidebar_label: '👉 Start Here'

> description: 'Start here as a developer to get the basics and start coding fast.'

Reviewer: Suggest making the description more SEO oriented with more keywords like "LUKSO", "dApp", "blockchain", etc...

---

import Box from '@site/src/components/Box';
import CallToActionButton from '@site/src/components/CallToActionButton';

import PartnersIcon from '../../static/img/icons/icon-partners-gradient.png';

import styles from '../../src/pages/index.module.scss';

# Getting Started on LUKSO

## Welcome to LUKSO!

> The purpose of this section is to get you to coding as fast as a possible. We will therefore try to take you step by step through the basics and as fast as possible to coding.

Reviewer: Suggest removing this sentence as it is already mentioned in the first sentence:

```suggestion
The purpose of this section is to get you to coding as fast as a possible. We will therefore try to take you step by step through the basics.
```

> For more detailed information on any topic please search or head over to our [Learn](../learn/introduction.md) section.

Reviewer: Suggest less imperative sentence:

```suggestion
For more detailed information on any topic, use the search bar or head over to our [Learn](../learn/introduction.md) section.
```

> ## First Steps for Everyone

Reviewer: I am not sure to understand. Why putting the word "for Everyone"? These are developers docs.

    text="Create your Universal Profile 🆙"
  />
</div>

Great, now you have the two most fundamental elements of LUKSO! Now is probably a good time to explore the [ecosystem](https://www.lukso.network/ecosystem).

## Next Steps for.....

### dApp Developers

If you are anything like us, you'll want to start coding now. While there is lots of details to dive into, the best starting place is our boilerplate dapp. This gives you a fully working dapp to play around with all of the basic functionality.

[Check it out!](../learn/universal-profile/getting-started#nextjs-boilerplate)

### Smart Contract Developers

If you are a Smart Contract Developer, the boilerplate is a good starting point too.

But you also you might want to check out our [Smart Contracts guide](../learn/digital-assets/smart-contract-developers/getting-started).

You'll find all the information to quickly get coding.

### Validators

Last but not least, for our validator friends.

We recommend starting off on Testnet and you can find all the information you need on [Running a Testnet Node here](../networks/testnet/running-a-node) or you can go straight to [Mainnet here](../networks/mainnet/running-a-node.md).

>   <!-- <div className={styles.container}>

Reviewer: There is some commented code here.
